to the Yahowah Blog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
Here we are in our library studio,
and we have our faithful mascot to this
is Wookie.
And I hope you had a chance to
listen to last night's program.
I know it was long,
some two and a half hours,
but it was extraordinary in its content.
What I shared last night is that having
returned to the events
portrayed in the Garden of Eden,
a Gan Eden,
this sheltered enclosure of great joy,
according to the Hebrew definition of the
words.
The activity there,
the narrative there is to say radically
different than is supposed by those who
have been somehow indoctrinated by
religious jargon, is stark.
There is this myth that the star of
the show was man,
but that's not really true.
There is this myth that it was a
woman named Eve that is the cause of
them being booted out of the garden,
but that's not true either.
Doubly not true.
There was no one named Eve,
and she was not the reason behind the
fall of man.
And so last night I explained these
things,
and I also explained that the tree of
knowledge isn't really a tree,
but a person,
and that that person is symbolized by the
tree.
This is also true for the tree of
lives, and it's not life singular,
it's lives plural.
He is also a person,
symbolized simply by the tree.
And I was able to demonstrate that the
presentation of the choter,
which is a sucker or a stem in
Hebrew, presented in Isaiah,
Isaiah eleven, with roots, with branches,
and with the fruit as a tree,
is the etz of diath which is the
tree of knowledge and so that prophecy
that is so extraordinary because it not
only associates a nef sign that Yahowah
himself is going to rise erase that is
written by this choder but that the choder
is the only person in human history that
is imbued with the seven spirits of Yahowah
and we know for certain that that
individual is a man masculine
singular and he's going to be prevalent in
the last days and what i was able
to demonstrate is that every thing about
that presentation of the choder pertains
to the tree of knowledge it he is
the ets diath just as the presentation of
the choder acknowledges and
So he is directly associated with the tree
of lives,
being the one who points you toward it,
explains who the tree of lives is,
how to capitalize upon what he's offering.
It's really an extraordinary journey that
we took yesterday through these things.
But I think the second most extraordinary
part of it wasn't just that it was
God, not man.
who caused the fall.
He specifically,
deliberately caused the fall of man.
He said so he used the verb to
fall,
which means to fall and he wrote it
and such that he is the subject of
the sentence and man was the object.
He caused the fall of man.
And that then prompts a whole lively
discussion, which I engaged in last night,
and I hope you were interested.
had the opportunity to listen.
And if not,
we will do an entirely new series just
on the tree of knowledge,
how it leads back to the tree of
lives and the reason that God calls the
fall of man and what has transpired since
and what God's intent is since that
moment.
But what I would like to leave you
with just as a teaser for either to
encourage you to go and listen to the
first hour of our program last night,
or to tune in when we return to
the Tree of Knowledge,
is that the reason God caused the fall
of man is that before man would be
sufficiently reliable to be allowed off of
this planet,
and to explore the universe with Yahowah.
Before he would be interesting enough for
Yahowah to want to spend time with him,
he was going to have to develop
considerably.
The man in the cage was never going
to amount to much of anything.
Yahowah grew bored with him,
and Yahowah realized that he had
no desire to work had no work ethic
at all and that he didn't particularly
like to take instruction and you know if
you're going to be elevated to the point
where you can explore the universe with
yanawa you darn better will be able to
listen to him to take instruction well and
act accordingly god's got to be able to
trust you
And he knew and proved that Adam and
Chawah
could not be trusted.
And so we have been given six thousand
years to get our act at least somewhat
together so that there will be a remnant
of Yisrael and some goyim as the workers.
who are gonna be allowed back into the
garden,
the gates of the garden and the earth
restored to the conditions of Eden is
going to transpire eight years from now.
And when that happens,
the tree of knowledge will be
interconnected with the tree of lives and
that those who are diligent and consuming
knowledge will be led to the tree of
lives and that collectively they will
learn what they need to know
so that they become interesting and that
they have the opportunity to engage and
contribute to God's story and family in
ways that God says,
this is somebody that I think would be
productive going forward.
Interesting, productive,
and also given the opportunity to show
that, you know,
we can fall on our own.
even apart from God.
And when we do,
do we have the wherewithal to get up?
I've always said that the most
debilitating of all human ailments is not
a heart attack.
It's not being blind.
It's not being deaf, not being mute.
It's not being lame.
It's having a bad attitude.
We all experience downturns in life.
Most of us, many, personal, family,
business, health.
Question is, what do you do?
And God's really not interested in
spending a prolonged period of time with
those who haven't been put through a
trial, a test of some sort,
a difficult circumstance
and risen above it,
fallen and gotten back up.
And so this is going to be our
opportunity to show that we are worthy,
that we have the substance to be
interesting to God,
that we're good learners,
that we're good listeners,
that we're responsive,
that we can be trusted to be not
only reliable explorers going forth,
but also interesting explorers.
friends and companions.
That is why we're here.
That's why the fall of man occurred.
And what the promise is now that will
begin to materialize again in eight years.
And you can be part of it in
a number of different ways,
depending on your response to what you're
hearing.
But I can assure you,
no one has ever told you these things
before.
And they are transformational.
All right,
so at the end of the program,
we began a further exploration of what it
means to be Gabor.
The most Gabor among all humans,
according to Yahowah, is Do David.
Now,
this is important for a lot of reasons.
One is that in the human world,
from the garden six thousand years ago
back to the garden which will be just
eight years from now the most
extraordinary individual lived right in
the middle of that time he is right
in the center of God's timeline because he
represents the tree that was in the center
of the garden the tree of lives and
in every way that Adam and Chawah
failed
didn't work
made no contributions,
didn't build anything, didn't listen,
didn't respond, showed no initiative,
seldom wrote about God, cared about God,
showed no fortitude.
Dowd is the antithesis of all of that,
and therefore Dowd is the one,
the man that stood back up.
He was by far the most
interested student Yahowah ever had.
He was by far the most devoted.
He was the most industrious,
built the nation, acquired its capital,
wrote its anthems,
defended the people of the country from
all who would attack them some sixty-six
times was the most articulate person in
Israel's history.
Dowd showed that it is not only possible
to fall and that you can get up
again,
that it is possible to learn and to
be receptive and responsive to Yahowah.
What Dowd showed most of all is that
he wasn't perfect.
And by not being perfect,
he became interesting to God.
Dowd showed that he wasn't always right,
but he was always willing to learn.
And as such,
he became the ideal student for God.
He was the builder.
He was the defender.
He was the man with courage and with
backbone and with character.
And so Dowd is, as Yahowah says,
my chosen one.
And I chose him for reasons that are
different than the way you humans go about
making such choices.
But when you examine who he was,
what he did, how he responded,
when you consider his attitude and
aptitudes,
what you find is precisely what God is
looking for.
Dowd, therefore, is the first.
soul to be able to soar off of
this planet,
to be trusted to explore the cosmos with
Yahowah.
Because ultimately, Dowd showed that yes,
we as men are imperfect and we fall,
but we can get up and we can
rise to the occasion.
We don't know all the answers,
but we can learn.
We don't always make the right choices,
but we can be responsive.
we can show that we are responsible and
can be trusted because Dowd came back in
a second of three lives and fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah, and Makoram,
providing the greatest gift that has ever
been offered humanity.
Dowd is the one.
So here we're turning to a
a narrative regarding Doe that is
prophetic of our time.
So what I'm sharing with you,
while it occurred three thousand years
ago,
it is going to reoccur eight years from
now.
It's the nature of most everything that
Yahowah provided to us in his Torah and
his prophets.
They are not only past history,
they are future history.
Every time that
We are challenged in some way.
The first thing that we notice is that
the text of the passage that would take
us to that place and explain it describes
our present situation and how we should
act within it.
God's a marvelous storyteller.
So here we're picking it up in the
midst of the conversation.
It says they mounted Yahowah's own ark.
This is the ark of the covenant,
and it is Yahowah's.
This ark of the covenant is a very
important artifact, if you will.
It exists today.
It is in Yirmeyaz Grotto.
that is directly under the place that
Dowd, as the Messiah and Son of God,
our Savior,
was crucified by the Romans to fulfill
Pesach Passover.
That means that it's beneath,
at this point,
the parking lot of the Jerusalem bus
station, outside the Damascus Gate,
with the encarpment of
of Golgotha behind it.
You'll see up on that shelf that I
have,
I don't know exactly where it is on
the shelf at this point,
but I know if my big head wasn't
in the way, you could see it,
but I actually have a white limestone that
came right from that place.
The encarpment of cut into Mount Moriah at
that point.
And this is where Dowd served as the
Passover lamb.
And that's where, beneath that,
and we have a little issue here with
Kara expressing herself.
You know, women are that way sometimes.
And that is the case with this one.
She has her opinions and she's free to
express them.
And she now wants to get Wookiee's
attention.
So what we know is that the ark
represents the covenant.
It's called the ark of the covenant.
It is Yahowah's.
There were two cherubim on this ark,
which, and I shared last night,
if this were the ark,
it is a throne.
It's the mercy seat, the kipParah.
of the ark of the covenant is the
kapoor at the top so it's a seat
it serves as a throne it's doge throne
um our former and returning king the two
caribbean are in the back corners left and
right corners each of them have one wing
that comes out laterally on the sides
forward like this so that like a throne
even this chair here uh it has um
armrests the two wings that come forward
would be armrests for the king
The two wings that go behind the seat
are a backrest for this Ark of the
Covenant's mercy seat,
upon which Dowd sits because he enabled
the benefits of it.
And it contains the two tablets that
Yahowah etched in stone,
which are so instructive,
and they'll be part of a...
presentation that I'm going to do here
shortly.
I'm very, very close.
This weekend I will finish it.
Of an analysis of not only the two
statements that were etched in stone,
but of the creation account as it goes
into the garden narrative.
It is one of the most revealing things
I have ever studied and ever shared.
And so we will go into that discussion.
But that is the nature of the Ark
of the Covenant.
It has the two tablets of stone.
Sitting beside it is the original
autograph or the original scroll of the
Torah that was scribed by Moshe.
which will be an extraordinary thing to
have.
It's interesting that as we move to this
point, particularly as we reach Kipurym,
God's going to actually write a copy of
his Torah inside of us.
So we'll be able to witness the original
copy and also reference God's instructions
right in our mind.
just literally woven into our inner
nature.
So it'll be a rather extraordinary
circumstance.
The reason the Ark of the Covenant is
important as it relates to Dowd is that
Dowd is returning as not only king,
but as the high priest.
And it will be Dowd who anoints the
Ark of the Covenant consistent with the
Torah's instructions with seven drops of
the bull's blood.
And the bull is the one who we're
going to see is actually pulling this Ark
of the Covenant into Jerusalem.
It's a bakar.
Now,
that bull in reality is actually a man.
He is the same man who represents the
tree of knowledge in the garden.
And his name is Yada and Yada.
He is a key player in God's story,
and his responsibility is to make certain
that the Ark of the Covenant is properly
positioned for Dowd.
And as the bull,
he will shed the blood that Dowd then
uses to anoint the mercy seat on Kippur,
signifying that the relationship between
Yahowah, Yisrael,
and Yehudim has been restored.
So that is the story.
And of course,
there is another element to it,
which is the Adam of Peroth,
which is this bloody red man of the
earth who is a productive bull,
is going to offer his Bashar body.
He is the Bashar human herald on Taruwah.
the benefit of the mortal remnant of
israel such that she can be purged of
her religiosity of her religious guilt so
that she's not only prepared to re-enter
ganyden and grow as a result of that
opportunity and learn but also so that
she's prepared to be betrothed to the
returning king
consistent with Numbers five,
based upon Numbers nineteen,
the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah and the
story of the adulterous woman.
So there is a lot going on here.
And as we move towards the fulfillment of
Taruwah in twenty thirty three,
it's just the greatest show on earth.
All those opposed to Israel will be
incinerated.
All traces of religion and politics will
be exhumed from the earth.
God's going to bring the potentially
receptive Israelites into Jerusalem,
where they can be purged of their guilt
by the sacrifice of the Adam of Parah.
He is also going to bring the Goyim
with the best attitudes and aptitudes to
be the workers of this millennial Shabbat,
also in Jerusalem,
so they can be prepared for entry into
this thousand-year time of worship.
Eden on earth.
And so rather extraordinary things
happening at this point.
And this is all prophetic of the events
that take place prior to that occurring.
So it reads,
and they mounted Yahowah's ark, his Aaron,
onto a restored utility cart.
And then they lifted it up and they
carried it out of the house of Abba
Nadab.
my father encourages the willing to
volunteer, which was on the hilltop.
And so Uzzah, bold and influential,
and Akiau, my brother,
the sons of my father encourages the
willing to volunteer,
were leading and guiding the cart with the
Ark of God.
And Akiau, my brother,
walked before the Ark.
Now,
As I tried to share previously,
one of the things that I thought was
so interesting in this discussion,
and go ahead, Rich,
go ahead and find out what that is.
We'll deal with whatever it is later.
We had a honker outside and we need
to find out what was going on in
our driveway.
One of the things that is interesting,
and I pointed this out last night,
is that the...
The Ark of the Covenant was specifically
designed such that it had two poles on
the left and right side.
Please, Asher, stop it.
It had poles on the left and right
side,
and it was specifically designed such that
it would be carried by men on both
sides, forward and back, left and right,
of the Ark of the Covenant.
That was the intent.
No.
Excuse me,
but we have to have an inside voice
that's appropriate with a dog.
Not screamers.
This is a live stream.
My wife is currently out and the dogs
are not behaving themselves.
Excuse me.
I apologize.
So anyway,
it's unusual for it to have been on
a cart.
We're going to find out the reason it
was on a cart is because the Ark
of the Covenant was being pulled by a
bakar, a bull.
And that means that it was a bull
that was repositioning the Ark of the
Covenant into Jerusalem on behalf of the
king, the Dowd.
just as will happen as we move forward
eight years from now.
The second thing that is interesting is
that the man's name, Uzzah,
who is the bold and influential one,
his name begins in the masculine and it
becomes feminine.
The name literally changes as this story
progresses.
And he is the...
the antagonist in this story.
He makes all sorts of bold and influential
claims by his name,
but then he is turned into a woman
whom God kills because he, becoming her,
interfered with the message God was trying
to communicate about the role of the bull
in positioning the Ark of the Covenant.
So that is part of what you're going
to witness here.
So that first line I just read was
Samuel, listen to him.
Second Samuel six, four.
All right.
So it looks like we have quiet and
peace.
We got everyone's attention.
Then Dowd and the children of Yisrael were
laughing and playing before the presence
of Yahowah in all strength and songs and
with lyres, harps, tambourines, cassanets,
and cymbals.
It was a joyful occasion.
The Ark of the Covenant was being brought
into the city of Dowd and going to
be positioned on the Temple Mount and the
Tent of the Restoring Witness was already
positioned and ready for it.
And you had the king excited over this
progression.
And when they arrived upon the threshing
floor, which would have, it's a goron,
which would have been a flat surface of
nodan,
which means to remove wavering and
wandering,
which is exactly what the children of
Yisrael had done up to this point and
what they would do subsequently.
And so the threshing floor was named for
the purpose of removing all of that.
We find that Uzzah, still a man,
bold and influential,
he reached out with his hand and he
positioned his hand toward,
thrusting it towards the Aron, the Ark,
which actually is from the Hebrew meaning
to behold the ingathering,
to notice all things pertaining to being
harvested of the Almighty.
And he seized control of it by grasping
it.
No, no, no.
God's instructions are very clear.
You don't do that.
Plus the fact he was having the ark
brought forward by the Bakar bowl.
It was already on a flat surface that
would specifically avoid tipping over.
And he was trying to take control of
it, trying to say, I'm a big shot,
man.
I'm bringing the ark of the covenant into
Jerusalem.
And God says, no, no, you're not.
It's the bull.
Read the story that I have presented
throughout the Torah,
particularly read the numbers.
Fifteen specifically focuses on the role
of the bull relative to restoring the
health and and reconciliation,
if you will, of God's people.
So he sees control of it,
grasping it because they are the bull.
was released and thrown down to cancel
deaths,
freeing those who were indebted from all
obligations.
It is true that the bull is in
fact going to be thrown down.
He is in fact going to free those
who are indebted with religious guilt from
all obligations.
This is the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah takes place on Taruwah on the Temple
Mount and direct vicinity of the Ark of
the Covenant.
And it is something that Yahowah will use
as he brings the entirety of the mortal
remnant of Yisrael
into Jerusalem to be purged of the
religious guilt as a direct result of the
sacrifice.
It's a very long story,
but it is an extraordinary story.
This is the greatest show on earth that
is being presented before their very eyes.
But the story does not have a human
helper.
It has a man that speaks about what
is transpiring here.
His name is Elijah, known as Elijah.
But
This is not work that is being done
by somebody who says, you know,
I'm influential,
I wanna intervene here and I wanna play
a role.
No,
God's got the characters all picked out
and a influencer is not among them.
Therefore,
the great frustration and displeasure,
the zealous and deep consternation of
Yahowah.
was directed at,
now this individual has a feminine name.
He is now become Uzzah.
We have our first transgender, I guess,
assisting the feminine portrayal of
imprudence, resistance,
and projection of influence.
So the Almighty is struck and destroyed.
this individual killing him there,
over the imprudent and rash act,
this indiscretion and error,
because it was an overreach with the hand
on the ark.
He died there before the presence of God,
to Samuel six, seven.
All right,
so this gets us very close to where
we were in our last presentation.
God is always going to sacrifice a life,
if it gets in the way of his
ability to restore lives.
And perfectly justified in doing so,
that man wouldn't have had any life to
have shortened if God hadn't given him
life in the first place.
So God's not depriving him of anything.
And God is, by doing so,
making it possible for those who are
observant and thoughtful to appreciate the
means that he is providing to elongate
lives and emancipate the people who
are responsive to Him,
who do as He has asked.
You know,
there's a story of another ark that we
always have to keep in mind.
And the reason I bring this up is
that when God tells a story,
He tells us what He's going to tell
us, He tells us,
and then He tells us what He has
told us.
And the precursor to all of this happens
to be the story of Noach,
and the eight aboard the ark of uh
the ark that he built following Yahowah's
instructions the thing that made noah
successful and the eight souls aboard the
ark in addition to saving the animals that
god cared so much about was that
They, he particularly,
but then they listened to what God said
and did as he asked.
Simple.
But it's more than just listening.
It's more than just responding to what God
has said.
It's also engaging and doing.
God values work.
He values those willing to work and not
very fond of deadbeats.
That's one of the problems of the garden.
Adam didn't work.
He didn't contribute anything.
Noah did.
And so this is the harbinger of this
story that will come forward.
And now we find that God is presenting
how he, through this ark,
the ark of the covenant,
is going to liberate, emancipate,
going to empower, enrich,
and enable humankind.
But at this moment,
the Dowd didn't understand.
And that's the thing that makes Dowd
interesting to God.
Because Dowd didn't know it all,
he was in a position to learn.
And he did.
And because Dowd fell on his face on
this particular instance,
he says he got enraged, angry with God.
Wrong response.
He should have known the purpose of the
bull.
It was explained in Numbers,
he is a student of the Torah.
He has read it.
He's written the hundred and nineteenth
Psalm that shows he understands the Torah.
He could have figured it out.
Why that bull was there.
Why it's not appropriate for anyone to
touch the Ark of the Covenant.
What God said about it,
touching it prematurely.
So Dowd was angry.
He was even enraged.
because for the benefit of the
relationship,
he was hostile towards and broken up about
Yahowah's anger coming forth,
reaching this gap and breaking with the
feminine manifestation of influence,
assisting this imprudent woman.
And so this place was called Peretz Uzzah
to break down the breach of imprudent and
influential women.
as an enduring witness unto this day.
Second Samuel six, eight.
Now our king should have been frustrated
that someone overstepped their role and
that tried to disrupt,
corrupt if you will,
the picture of the bull returning the ark
while releasing the Israelites from prior
religious indebtedness and their guilt.
He should have noticed that the bull would
not have tripped by accident,
nor would the Ark fall and be damaged
on the Goren, the threshing floor,
because that's where the bull is supposed
to fall for the purpose that has been
described.
And he realized,
Dowd would have been wise to realize the
purpose of the threshing floor and of the
grain that is harvested from it,
especially since he had already acquired
the Goren atop Mount Moria.
The symbolism should have been right.
And Dowd was a very adept student.
And so these are things he should have
known.
But the very fact that he didn't know
them teaches us a valuable lesson.
Even God's very best student,
the man that God said,
he's my chosen one.
The man that God says,
I love more than anyone else.
The man that Yahowah offered his spirit and
never took his spirit away from him.
The man he anointed three times with the
Messiah.
The man that he declared on three
occasions, he is my son,
I am his father.
This men among men,
giant among men was wrong.
And yet we're gonna find that he was
willing to learn what was right and then
not only respond appropriately,
but rise to the occasion joyously going
forward, building on what he had learned.
This is what made not only interesting,
but the exemplar of what God's looking for
in humanity to emancipate us from this
planet so that he can spend an eternity
with us.
Dowd represented those things,
not because he was perfect,
but because he was interesting,
he was reliable, he was teachable.
So once again, by way of a brilliant,
directly applicable and timely prophecy.
We are reminded that Yahowah is aware and
disgusted by the machinations of the
insider group that has been so hostile to
the tree of knowledge, to Yada,
to Yada Yahowah.
This is the mother goddess cult who are
in breach of the covenant.
They have gone wild.
and place their hands on what does not
belong to them.
One malcontent woman has lured many others
into cerebral incapacitation because of
her emotional issues into what is a
leprous cult, engendering Yahowah's wrath.
Therefore, second Samuel six,
The preamble to the most relevant prophecy
presented throughout Yahowah serves to put
us all on notice that God not only
foresaw what would transpire,
he was already prepared with a detailed
response.
Now,
reaffirming that Dowd had failed to learn
the lesson, Yahowah conveyed,
Therefore, Dowd was distressed.
Indeed, he was concerned and worried,
even fearful,
regarding Yahowah on this particular day.
So he said, how, in what manner,
what way is the Aaron of Yahowah to
be brought to me?
Hmm.
There he was.
There was the Aaron of Yahowah.
They were a matter of
inches, perhaps a few feet apart.
It wasn't a problem actually on bringing
it to him on this occasion,
then was it?
They were there together.
The issue was the Ark of the Covenant
had to be positioned on Mount Moriah at
the time that Dowd returns in twenty
thirty three on Kipurym,
OcTowbr second and year six thousand year.
And that is when the Ark of the
Covenant has to be brought to Dowd.
And he's scratching his head now and says,
how is that gonna happen?
You know, we had the bull.
What is it?
What do we need to do?
And then, you know,
a guy tried to insert himself,
became a woman, a feminine influencer,
and God zapped him, her.
So now what?
No,
didn't go to the Torah where God guides
us and said, hmm,
maybe I can read something here that is
going to explain this to me so that
I can figure it out.
And after all,
we turn to this because the.
mosquitoes that were sent out by the
mother goddess cult decided to condemn my
wife and i for sharing the obvious and
truthful statement that in the garden the
apparel was a smile and that god is
definitely bringing us back to the
conditions of the garden that's the entire
purpose
of Sukkah in year six thousand year
beginning the seventh of OcTowbr of twenty
thirty three.
We go back to the garden and unless
you're comfortable being exposed to, yeah,
you're not welcome.
And the religious, of course,
make so many stupid decisions,
as does this cult,
that they need all the covering that they
can get.
And so they were.
Chipping away.
claiming that none of this was true
because I spoke of nudity in a favorable
light,
connecting what happened in the garden
then and what will happen going forward.
And so it was natural to go to
second Samuel six because, well,
if you don't know it or not, uh,
I did, I was aware of it.
I had never translated it before.
This was my first time,
which is interesting since it's the
preamble to my single favorite prophecy.
When I've translated probably twenty
times, uh,
Dowd is ultimately going to party once,
uh,
Yahowah explains to him how the Ark of
the covenant is going to be brought to
him.
Wearing nothing but an ephod,
which is the breastplate of the high
priest.
In other words, he was naked.
And he was naked around Yahowah and the
best of Yisrael.
And he was wearing the ephod because he's
going to serve as the high priest upon
when he returns to anoint the Ark of
the Covenant with the bull's blood.
But the reason he was naked is that,
guess what, folks?
He's trying to symbolically tell us that
we're going back to the conditions of the
Gan Eden, of the Garden of Great Joy,
and that there we can party together.
and be very comfortable celebrating our
relationship with God completely exposed
to him.
And so that's why I came here and
here we began with a transition into a
feminine antagonist who tries to maneuver
the Ark of the Covenant for herself.
And
The other argument that they will
constantly bring in this particular cult,
so it just helps us understand the ways
that God's instructions are being negated,
is that they will say that as it
relates to...
And as it relates to our relationship
together,
that you ought not believe anybody who
writes themselves into the story.
And yet what you find here is that
I'm not writing myself into the story.
God did.
And he makes it really clear as to
how everything falls into place such that
ultimately the Ark of the Covenant is
properly positioned and that God enables
precisely what he says he's going to
achieve.
And the other issue is they constantly
will claim that because there is a moment,
I've never claimed to be a prophet,
but
The fact is that there are actually two
times where the character that God is
describing is there's no other person
other than myself that it can be.
And in both occasions,
that individual is shown being prophetic,
inspired by the spirit to be prophetic.
One is when MyDowd joins ElDowd
after moshe's meltdown where he gives up
on the children of israel that's in
numbers eleven the other is chronicled in
daniel where mecca el the one who's right
about god joins gabriel god's most
courageous and capable man which would be
dote and explaining the prophecies that
would
take place that transform our world,
particularly pursuant to Dowd being
willing to fulfill the role of the
Passover lamb in year four thousand YAH,
and then explaining the role that the same
Mechael is going to endure, live out,
embody eight years from now as we move
towards the fulfillment of God's story.
But their argument is that as a prophet,
you can never be wrong.
But that's not true.
When Moshe had his meltdown,
he said a lot of things that were
absolutely wrong.
And yet God calls him the greatest of
the prophets.
Dowd on this occasion was wrong.
He was the most prolific of all the
prophets.
And clearly as a prophet,
what he is inspired to say would be
right.
But on this occasion,
everything he said was wrong.
until the end when he finally was
instructed.
And so it wasn't,
it isn't appropriate for someone to be
right all the time around God.
If somebody was perfect,
they would be completely boring to God.
It is our ability to be wrong and
acknowledge when we're wrong and correct
the record and grow from there that makes
us trustworthy and interesting to God.
and this is who dote is and in
this story we see that in spades so
the argument that oh can't be he can't
be real because as a prophet he would
never be wrong well that's obviously wrong
isn't it that's not what it means so
He's saying, how and in what way,
what manner is the Aaron of Yahowah to
be brought to me,
this symbol of the ensuing in gathering?
Well, God had a plan,
always has a plan.
Listen, God knew what was going to happen
long long before these events played out i
mean he actually explains what's going to
happen way way back in the fourth day
of creation this is after plants had been
conceived but before there were any
animals on earth he specifically says this
is how things are going to play out
there's going to be a greater luminary a
lesser luminary they're going to serve as
signs uh for the moab
And they would be the same two guys.
They're the tree of lives and the tree
of knowledge.
They are the king and his herald.
Same guys.
God's had a plan long before we messed
it up.
So, king, what is the point?
If you were at odds with Yahowah regarding
how the
arc is to be treated how's that going
to work out for you or are you
going to be in opposition to his
intervention through the bull so that you
can return isn't that maybe a not the
best idea of all you know that story
and numbers fifteen that the role the
bull's gonna play you're right there too
okay you're the ram
You guys work together.
So don't impede God's message of how the
bull and the ram work together.
So clearly,
Dowd was unaware that at this point he
would become very aware of it,
as we have subsequently seen,
particularly as we read through the
thirty-third, thirty-fourth,
and thirty-fifth Mismore,
that Dowd
was unaware at that very moment that a
mother goddess cult would array arise to
discredit his bashar herald while also
stripping him of his future contribution
as the passover lamb thereby negating all
that we would achieve together and that is
why the king has advisors that's why
brothers support one another i love dote
and i appreciate that he isn't perfect
knowing that that gives us
another flawed but devoted coworker the
opportunity to work together and to
contribute something and become more
together than we would be independently.
You can buttress and buffer one another.
We can equip one another,
gird one another,
teach one another as we guide God's flock
through eternity.
Moreover,
it gives us something to chuckle about.
over a good meal well down the road
it's so much better that Dowd isn't
perfect because it makes him real and it
makes him approachable and it makes it
possible for us to work together in a
collaborative way because i most certainly
am not either and that is the beauty
of it isn't it and so Dowd wouldn't
be a yahood
if he wasn't stubborn and of course he
was stubborn so toad would not yield or
consent and he was not willing to change
his approach regarding this with the eron
this beholding of the ingathering of
Yahowah upon the city of Dowd therefore
Dowd spread out a tent for it at
the house of
Obed Edom,
the one doing the work and serving from
Edom at the Ha Yeti, the wine press.
Oh my, Obed Edom from the Yeti,
the wine press.
Just when we thought that God has done
his best work,
and addressed all of our concerns,
he drops the ultimate truth bomb.
Obed-Edom,
which is the coworker from Edom,
is such a marvelous affirmation of what is
expected of the bull,
of the herald of Dowd, of Yada,
serving Dowd going forward,
that when I first saw Obed-Edom's name in
this story,
I was but a puddle of mush on
the floor.
I was stunned here when I beheld that
name at this point of the narration.
But even beyond this name and what it
represents,
there's also the realization that
Obed-Edom came from ha-gete,
the wine press.
In conjunction with Dowd as the returning
king,
the arrival of the Ark of the Covenant
in Jerusalem in year six thousand YAH,
it's anointing with the blood of this bull
on Kipurym,
when Dowd arrives upon the Temple Mount
dressed as the high priest,
the coworker from Edom,
which is what Obed-Edom means,
and the winepress,
are among the most profoundly important
pieces to be properly positioned in the
portrait God is painting on our behalf.
This is the stuff of destiny.
Now to drive this point home,
I turn now to the prophet who wrote
the textbook on proper tutoring,
which is to be a tree.
the tree of knowledge.
His name is Yasha'yah.
He wrote these words.
Who is this man, Zeth?
Who is the one who comes at this
time?
Bo,
who arrives and then returns at this
moment out of Edom from those influenced
by the bloody red nature of Rome and...
harmful nature of the Roman Catholic
Church and thus far the Western world.
By the way,
my DNA says that I am Romano-Celtic.
In reddish, chammuz, chrism,
brilliant and vibrant red,
which was yeasted,
ruthless and cool and oppressive garments.
You know, the Adamah Parah.
is from Adamah,
which is the bloody red man of the
earth.
And he comes from the sheepfold to gather
and to protect.
He, man from Edom,
he is the one who is shown great
favoritism and who is respected,
was honored on high,
treated with distinction,
considered noble and of honor.
High class, the best among men,
even inspiring.
Therefore, he is suitably adorned in red,
striding purposefully in the abundance of
his influence and authority.
Yasha'yah says,
I'm sharing this message accurately.
To deliver and save.
A great many.
Yeshe Yas.
Isaiah.
Sixty three one.
The man from Edom.
Delivers and saves a great many.
Is.
Obed Edom.
The Zehbo Men Edom,
the man who comes from Edom,
he is a single male individual,
arrives at this time.
He, like the Nakar, is a foreigner,
not a Yisraelite.
And that makes him particularly unique in
God's story.
He is also distinguished by the
proclamation that he will yasha rob,
deliver and save many.
This is said of no one else anywhere
in the prophets other than Dowd,
our savior and king.
Turns out God's son has a designated
accomplice.
Therefore, this prophecy
particularly when combined with the
Obed-Edom role and working with Dowd to
bring the Ark of the Covenant home is
profoundly important.
It's among the most relevant prophecies
ever written.
How often do you hear people say,
when will the man from Edom arrive?
He saves many.
When will he arrive?
You know,
there is no prophecy that says an unnamed
Messiah is going to arrive and he's going
to save many.
But there is one that says right here,
I just read it,
that the man from Edom will arrive and
he will save many.
And that he has been announced by no
less than Yasha'yah.
Now Edom speaks of the descendants of
Esau, Yaakov's estranged brother,
and therefore of reuniting the fractured
family of Israel.
Esau was the eldest of the sons.
He was deprived of his birthright by some
chicanery by his mother.
His mother preferred Yaakov,
who Yahowah calls a worm, and his father,
Yitschaq preferred Esau, he was a man's man.
Jacob was not.
Mommy liked Jacob, daddy liked Esau.
Mother tricked the father into offering
his blessing to the second born son.
And so by coming,
from Edom,
the implication is the fractured family is
going to be restored along with the
birthright.
Now he was so named because, well,
he was hairy.
And being based on the word for red,
it also means that he was symbolic of
that which is known to be
hairy and red.
And most people wouldn't recognize this.
But we say Caesar Augustus, for example.
What we're really saying is hairy
Augustus.
And of course,
Rome was best known for its red.
It wore red to terrorize all who would
even dream of rising up against them.
Literally, Caesar means Harry in Latin.
Now,
this recognition and identification with
the beast of Imperial Rome that became the
Roman Catholic Church helps explain why
Yahowah revealed that he came to hate him
and considered him a harbinger of the
hostile, vicious,
and deadly nature of Imperial Rome and the
Roman Catholic Church.
The man coming out of Edom, however,
has obviously distanced himself from such
nastiness.
Just had Abraham and Moshe who walked away
from Babel and Mitzrayim before they were
usable by Yah.
As such,
my witness has been predicated upon
renouncing all prior affiliations,
both political and religious.
Now the reddish garments clearly caught
Yasha'yah's eye as he was describing this
man from Edom.
And it is because they were stained,
they're stained in blood.
The man from Edom,
he is sacrificed as the Adam of Perah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
was a productive bull
Transpiring on the day of the Herald,
Taruwah, September, twenty thirty three.
And he does so for this exact purpose.
To save the mortal remnant of Israel,
a great many people, God's lost sheep.
He will gather them, God will,
on the evening of Taruwah during the
gleaning,
after the gleaning and before the
sacrifice.
And then we'll protect them the following
day with this final sacrificial offering
of the Mow'edim,
of the restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
And in this way,
the man from Edom will spare many,
delivering a vast number of Israelites
from their own misconceptions so that they
are prepared for Yahowah's return with Dowd
on Kipurym.
and for admittance into Eden on Sukkah.
Now,
since I did not write this and I
have never sought a claim,
you should know that those who don't like
anyone acknowledging that they have been
appointed by God and they prefer to
pooh-pooh all such claims
and that they are, well, Hadar,
that someone actually would be Hadar,
favored and respected by God, oh,
you can take your complaints up with
Yahowah.
The truth is that God found a choder,
a stem representing the tree of knowledge,
and he enabled him as a Nakar,
observant foreigner,
presenting the arrival of the Nakri as
early as the twenty-ninth chapter of
Debarim in the Torah
and then reinforced it through Dowd's son
on the day that the first temple was
built on a Taruwah,
three thousand years ago.
And the fact is that Yahowah and his
Nakri, this Choder, the man from Edom,
have collaborated on a nesh, a sign.
and a , a raised thoroughfare.
And upon their completion,
Yahowah's Bashar herald will serve as God's
cold voice,
going from prolific writer to vociferous
blogger.
You're listening to that now.
for being resilient and steadfast,
uncommonly devoted and bold,
deriving thousands of insights en route to
the first realization that the entire
story migrates out of Eden and then back
to Eden.
Yahowah sees the man from Edom as
distinguished and inspiring on behalf of
his people.
And this is why the actionable roots of
Gan, garden,
and Sukkah shelters are Ghana and Sukkah,
and they both convey exactly the same
message.
They speak of a protective and covered
shelter.
One to the other, out of one,
into the other.
So just as Obed-Edom was from Gath,
so is the man from Edom.
What can be known about your apparel,
Yasha'yah?
Queries.
Why is it red?
And is it that your garments are similar
to one who treads within the wine press?
Ah, Gath.
Do you think it's just a coincidence that
we have Edom and Gath?
associated with the relocation of the Ark
of the Covenant and someone who is,
we're going to see,
highly valued by Yahowah in the midst of
Dowd's story,
preceding the prophecy about his return.
And it's just a colossal collage of
coincidences.
That's not how my mind works.
You can make your own decisions, I guess.
Well,
this is the same man separated by three
thousand years.
Souls are like that.
God can do with them what he wishes
back and forward in time,
which is actually quite easy for Yahowah.
And it's difficult,
I'm certain for us mortals to fathom.
But, you know, think of it this way.
No one has any problem with Elijah being
taken by Yahowah, well, no,
two thousand eight hundred and eighty
years ago with the realization that he is
going to come back.
No one has any problem with prophets being
prophets because God took their souls
forward in time so they could witness what
was going to happen and then write about
it in our past.
No one should have any problem with Dowd
having two lives.
He actually had three,
but in the second life,
returning as king because God says it
vociferously.
There'd be no purpose to the covenant if
the children of the covenant don't have
two lives with the second being God's
children.
There'd be no purpose to Sheol as an
eternal prison if those who have worked
against God don't get a second life.
Hmm?
Need to think it through.
Dowd could not have fulfilled the
prophecies that he wrote in first person
about himself of enabling the promises of
Passover through crucifixion and matzah by
taking our guilt into shield had he not
had a second of three lives.
It's really not difficult for God.
to take a soul back and forth in
time.
And the reason that we're so caught up
in it and have so much trouble with
the fact that God told this story so
that he introduced the key characters in
his story, like those two trees,
they happen to be men, they're not bushes.
And they existed eight years shy of six
thousand years ago.
The reason is that time is simply a
dimension.
You know, I can stand up,
I can sit down.
I can move my arm to the right,
I can move it to the left.
I can lean forward, I can lean back,
right?
Three dimensions.
Time is the fourth dimension.
Just because we're stuck in it doesn't
mean that God is.
God is seven dimensional.
He is not stuck in the dimension of
time.
I don't know how to maneuver in time,
but I know that on a photon of
light, time simply exists.
And therefore, on a photon of light,
you can enjoy witnessing the future in our
past.
And you can see the result of the
future and report it in the past so
that you're not predicting anything,
you're simply reporting future history.
I know intellectually how that happens.
I'm not prepared to maneuver in time at
this point.
I know I will be.
And so will you if you listen to
what I'm sharing with you.
But God can maneuver in time.
And so will we one day.
And so by God being able to maneuver
in time and with souls, nepheshs,
being
energy based and therefore akin to light
and therefore they experience the fullness
of time god can take a nephesh forward
and back in time at any point he
wishes to and if you're then you're
fixated on the body, the body is nothing.
The body is so meaningless to this whole
equation.
That's why the resurrection of pretend
Jesus in the empty tomb is so utterly
absurd.
Bodies are meaningless.
They decay, they rot,
They are what trap us currently on this
rock.
The reason that God hasn't enveloped our
souls in light energy at this point is
that we have not shown that we're
trustworthy enough.
We don't know enough.
We're not interesting enough.
We're not resolved and dependable enough.
We haven't been industrious enough and
accomplished enough.
that God's willing to take us off of
this planet and expose us to the fullness
of the universe.
And so that is why we are as
we are under these circumstances.
And that's not going to change until we're
more prepared to be responsible.
And when that happens,
we will be able to maneuver in time
as well.
So a soul can go back and it's
all about getting rid of the liability of
the physical body.
Why we have physical bodies?
The furthest we're gonna go is to the
moon for no purpose at all or to
Mars to die, but that's it.
That's the furthest we can go.
And without a body,
We can go to the far edge of
the universe.
We can explore all two trillion galaxies,
each with hundreds of billions of stars
and maybe in the range of ten times
that or a hundred times that in terms
of celestial bodies.
And many of them, I suppose,
are going to have life for us to
enjoy.
So our goal is...
to have our souls be unencumbered by
physical bodies and embraced by light so
that we have the opportunity to
maneuver in the fourth, the fifth,
and the sixth,
and enter the seventh dimension.
And for God to do that because each
step up increases the number of
possibilities,
increases the enrichment of the experience
infinitely.
And so we have infinity and going to
the fourth, infinity, the fifth, infinity,
the sixth,
and infinity again as we go into the
seventh dimension.
We have to demonstrate that we're capable
of that.
we're deserving of that that we warrant
that that we can be trusted with that
that we're willing to listen when god says
don't do that it's really going to create
a mess uh and we show that we're
willing to listen you know my wife and
i had a discussion this morning and and
she said you know i'm i'm troubled by
uh and i think it was the chariots
that were troubling to her uh as presented
in Zakaryah six and i said well you
know i'd prefer to have a natural
explanation
think rich even said the same thing he'd
like to have a natural explanation and i
wouldn't and i'm not troubled by them
first of all i'm not troubled by them
because god said that's what he's going to
do it's in Zakaryah and i've learned that
when god says that's what he's going to
do that's what god's going to do and
that i'm always willing to go where the
words leave that's what the word said he's
going to do and he's going to do
that on terua and he explained the purpose
of those chariots
Now,
I I'm not going to vouch that that
the description of them is is accurate
because there wouldn't have been the words
and the Hebrew language.
Twenty six hundred years ago to describe
the kind of of.
apparatus that God will probably use to
accomplish this mission.
But I can assure you that there will
be the four and they will fit into
those categories and that God will use
them in a supernatural way.
And I realized that as we move forward
in time and we reach the midpoint of
this time of Jacob's trouble,
beginning on the eighteenth of April of
twenty thirty,
which will be Passover when the two
witnesses arrive.
God's going to use all manner of
supernatural interventions.
There's going to be a scroll that's going
to be above their heads,
a giant scroll that I think is likely
to show some of the Yahowah blog and
some of the Yada Yahowah text and citations
from the Torah, from the prophets.
and the world's gonna be trying to kill
those two guys, Elia and Yara,
and yet there they'll stand,
and the Dome of the Rock and the
Dome of the Hopi Pent will be gone,
and the Tent of the Restoring Witness will
be there,
the Ark of the Covenant is gonna be
restored in its position,
there's gonna be the altar for the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah,
God's gonna turn the sacrifice of this man
into something extraordinary as it
releases copious amounts of water from the
Temple Mount and ignites the fire,
He's going to transform the earth,
removing all traces of religion and
politics and militancy and restore the
conditions that are Eden.
You know,
if you're not prepared for God being
overwhelming with his intervention and
miraculous ways,
you're just not prepared for what's going
to happen as we move to this point
in time.
So, you know, my view is.
That's what God says he's going to do.
There's no reason in the world that I
would question that that's the way it's
going to play out.
And I've just decided long ago,
I'm going to go with the words late.
That is what they say.
That is what I'm expecting.
That is what I'm sharing with you.
And I have no doubt it's going to
play out that way.
And for the reasons that God has
enumerated.
So the fact is that God chose his
cast of characters long ago.
And he weaves them in and out of
his story as he sees fit.
And it's the same characters that he
weaves out, in and out,
the greater and lesser luminaries of
Genesis one.
It is the tree of lives and the
tree of knowledge of Bar-Rashith Genesis
two.
It is the ElDowd and MeDowd of Numbers,
um, eleven.
You know, it is the ram, the goat,
and the bull of Bob Midbar, Numbers.
Fifteen.
It's the story of the anima para and
the adulterous woman of Numbers five and
nineteen.
It's Dowd as the man in the center
of God's story,
and it's Yada at the end.
He's the characters that God has woven
throughout time.
It is Gabriel and Michael as presented in
five fifty five B.C.
with Daniel.
And should this be an uncomfortable
realization?
Then I would encourage discounting the
mortal Bashar conveyance.
Of a nephesh soul.
while considering what can happen when our
consciousness is enveloped in energy and
light,
where time is just another dimension.
Consider the possibilities and the
opportunities.
You see,
the coworkers have been few and they have
been very far between.
Yasha'yah says at this moment, I have tread.
I have set out and I have walked
with them, trampling the wine bath,
this wine press, alone.
Among the people,
there was not a single individual with me.
And so all of my apparel is stained.
Yasha'yah, sixty-three-three.
Therefore,
I was inclined to pursue in my best
judgment a day of recompense.
because the year of my redemption had
finally come.
Isaiah, six, three, four.
The reason Isaiah is in hot pursuit of
justice,
of recompense and of redemption is because
Jews had universally ignored his advice
and his warnings.
And to such an extent, no one listened,
no one.
In fact,
there wasn't a single person and just the
opposite.
The more Yasha'yah told the Israelites that
they should not be religious and they
should return to Yahowah by acknowledging
his prophets and his witnesses,
the more belligerent and obstinate they
became and the more religious they became.
Countless souls were squandered
needlessly.
It was devastating.
So he said, having continuously looked...
And having found no one to help,
the prophet said, I was devastated.
I felt abandoned.
And it would appear that there was no
one to provide any support.
My Zarowa, my strengthened arm,
sowing and distributing my seeds,
the one cultivating a productive harvest.
Finally, my Zarowa,
He's going to deliver victory for me by
bringing salvation along with me,
even to me.
Although, to some extent,
my disappointment and my emotional turmoil
will still remain.
Isaiah sixty three five.
He's ecstatic.
The Zarowa is the one who is sowing
the seeds of the harvest.
Everything pursuant to the full chapter
that Yahowah spoke through Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
the eleventh, on the Choder,
everything about him is a tree.
He is the etzah dayah,
the tree of knowledge.
And he is wise.
roots he has he is rooted he netsir
has branches he's a troder which is shoots
and and stems and he is para productive
fruitful and so wouldn't you expect that
that same individual then would
be a derivation of Zarowa, from Zarowa,
to have seeds,
which when planted and cultivated and
harvested,
produce this marvelous ingathering.
And so now he's realizing, wait a minute,
that Choder is the Zarowa,
and I was the one that wrote about
him.
I'm the one who wrote the textbook on
this Zarowa.
He's my Zarowa, and he's not just Zarowa.
Saving independently,
he's saving based upon what I have
written,
his realization of all that I have said
and that, well,
Yahowah said through him about this man,
that he is this man from Edom.
He's still talking in the sixty third
chapter.
He is this man from Edom who's going
to save many.
and he's going to fulfill the very
prophecies that Yahowah has communicated
through me and just when i thought it
was over that there was no one god
has brought this man to do this job
at this time and this is the result
and yasha says i'm ecstatic except i'm
still disappointed why did it take this
long why was there no one why did
god have to go to a goyim
Why?
What's wrong with my people?
And even when he is introduced by me,
even when he fulfills the prophecies that
I have said about him,
most Israelites yawn.
You know, he's on X, for example,
to reach the remnant of Yisra'el.
And he has almost thirty thousand posts
for less than twenty two hundred
followers.
oh so what okay so he reintroduced
Yahowah's name we don't like that name
anyway all right so he annulled the whole
myth of this jesus so that you know
we're not going to be persecuted by
christians anymore and he's the first to
Prove that Allah wasn't a God and that
Muhammad wasn't a prophet and that Islam
is our mortal enemy and that we could
fight it by understanding it.
But so what?
Okay, well,
he was the first to acknowledge that the
king of Yisrael, Dowd,
is the Messiah and he is the returning
king and he's our savior.
That's pretty neat, but well, so what?
Rabbis don't agree with him.
So...
Yasha'yah said, yeah,
he is all of those things,
but my people still aren't responding.
Anguished.
So this pronouncement clearly is emotional
for Yasha'yah.
Because for the intervening period,
Yahowah revealed that there wasn't a single
soul among Yehudim willing to do what must
be done to call God's wayward family home.
He had written the primer on proper
chodering,
but no one was the wiser for it.
Then finally,
a day of redemption when the choder is
reestablished,
the tree of knowledge is offering his
fruit.
And he's empowered by the seven spirits of
Yahowah to fulfill this role.
But it's no easy job.
The Israelites are a tough audience and
the world is rife with rubbish.
Those who engage with Yah are certain to
be stained and stigmatized by the
experience,
and I can vouch for the fact that
that is a reality,
as it was for Yasha'yah.
So clearly,
the year of Yasha'yah's redemption has come.
The prophet's revelations are now center
stage,
restoring Yisrael as the Ark of the
Covenant is returned,
carried into the place that it belonged
back by the bull,
just as he had hoped and foreseen.
And while this was good news for the
beneficiaries,
the long line of naysayers who have
precluded his message from resonating with
his people,
will suffer a day of recompense and
retribution.
The prophet will seek vengeance against
the religious and political leaders that
he has impugned in the opening ten
chapters of Yasha'yah for the harm that they
have done over the ages.
Now this is important that we have made
these connections because Yahowah intended
them.
and such that we are now the first
to realize that Dowd's Obed-Edom is the
same man who, three hundred years later,
will be introduced by Yasha'yah Isaiah as
the man who comes out of Edom to
save many,
and that he will be presented by Yahowah
in the last days to accomplish this very
goal.
He will assume the responsibility,
not only of returning the Ark of the
Covenant so that Dowd can anoint it on
Kipurym as is required in the Torah,
but of so much more,
preparing Yisrael for the Messiah's
return.
This will be the closing statement that
I'll make today on Shamuel, listen to him,
second Samuel.
and we'll pick up the text at this
place on Monday.
Therefore, the Aaron,
the ark as a means to behold the
harvest of Yahowah,
dwelt and remained in the Baath home of
Obed-Edom,
the one doing the work by serving from
Edom.
at the Gitti, the wine press.
Three months while Yahowah blessed and
commended, extolled the appropriateness,
the usefulness,
distinguishing an aspect of his nature to
meet with and uplift Obed-Edom,
the one doing the work while serving from
Edom.
In addition to all of his family,
and every aspect of his home and his
household.
Extraordinary.
Sham will listen to him, to Samuel six,
eleven.
So I'll leave you with those thoughts
because it is evident that there's a very
soft place in Yahowah's heart for
Obed-Edom,
just as there was in Yahshayah's for the
man from Edom.
And just as they are both connected with
Dowd and the remnant of God's people and
the proper positioning of the Ark of the
Covenant.
Thank you for listening.
Have a wonderful rest of your Shabbat.